If you closely look over code, we already created you.
I mentioned this.
So let me do one thing.
I'm importing one default module known as Java Security.
Let me.
Optimized imports.
So as using X, there is no need to import that libraries again and again.
So let me mention here.
Importing libraries and importing the libraries.
So I created one class to create a symmetric key public class symmetric.
In this class, what I'm mentioning, I mentioned my final string as is, which is static and performing
as a US algorithm then function to create one key I mentioned function or you can method also it's commonly
known as method, not function in java to throw exception, then it throws the exception.
If there is an exception, secure random key is going to create random thing here with generation of
key to 56 with a random.
Which is basically random, and then it's going to be done with the key.
Now, before this, what I'm I need to mention the driver driver call is basically nothing but mean
driver I mentioned.
So let me get ESPN or Mr. Goldman.
ESV the main metal declaration again issue throws exception if there is an exception to the exception
calling.
No.
What I'm going to mention.
I'm going to ask.
It's symmetric, so it's very easy security.
Domain execute secret key with symmetric key.
With which?
Symmetric key dimension.
Symmetric key.
I want to mention here, symmetric key is equal to what is its symmetric key.
Create a ESD, create a is so it will create a is key for me.
No.
What is going to mention is very simple system, not parental.
So it should breed output for me.
So this is my consultancy.
And let me tell you one thing.
Create a scheme and this function.
So this is my function to create a ESD so it will print symmetric key for me.
Oh, then.
Political system brought out here only in Tennant Creek.
Let's.
Soon it.
Okay.
So I will change your little bit later.
But now this is my create a first class which is using a key algorithm for this purpose which is going
to change this everything.
So now let me run this using you can go to this also or control shift f ten also I'm going to this tab
and I'm going to run.
It's currently building in the build thing.
You can check it's currently building.
It will take time to build everything.
So it's running task, doing encryption.
And when this is done, you can check this Java script to these things.
But.
Wait a minute.
This is encoded.
No.
It's printing the directive.
It's not encoded.
So I need to encode it.
I need to encode.
ENCODE is just basically creating in the ciphertext.
So this is not at all.
This is just key specifying.
I need to mention here more important thing to encode.
So data type converter.
So let me move this.
What?
I need to create data type converter.
Detective.
Converter.
Oh, so wait a minute.
There is a water department data type converter.
Later converter dot.
I need to mention some print.
Takes hexadecimal.
I needed to encode binary.
So I will.
Look at the spark converter.
It's binary.
Wait a minute.
I need to use or import this also.
So there may be no error.
So if you.
For.
Taking this error.
I will resolve this.
It's very easy error.
So it's extremely severe.
So you need to.
Object with this javelin.
So if you are facing this error to this part, it will import.
It will download the Java that file for you.
It will automatically index that part.
So wait for some time to develop this.
Why we required this, I will tell you because that's a simple thing I created.
But I need to mention symmetric key also.
So.
It's very easy in Java.
I'm going to mention and.
You did this.
So.
It's.
It is adding the dependencies, but.
Sometimes there may be error in this, so better to go with my dependencies.
It will.
Directly at that dependencies.
We need Java.
XML bind java basically.
So you may.
Directly download such dependencies on the internet which are available.
So.
What I'm downloading.
You need one Java XML bind dependency to create that thing.
So.
I'm okay.
I'm having that dependency.
So what I'm going to do, I'm just going to mention that jar file here.
So let me add one job.
You can directly, directly add jobs here also.
I'm here also.
Or else go to file.
Project structure.
If we go to this project structure, if you can see this.
What do libraries.
Nothing is added like this.
Things are added already.
I need to mention Java.
Or it will directly go to this.
So let me go to where I stored that part.
What's the maximum function?
Equal weight will directly apply this.
At the end.
So now you can take these dependencies that are added like data converter, which is basically my jar
file is missing there.
So I didn't I did my job file and now it's going to print the same hex binary and get in cool.
So let us run this again.
It's currently building.
So wait for some time to build this.
So why are we required to create our generate this key before developing actual algorithm we are going
to develop?
Why required?
We required this?
Boombox.
Regeneration is very important.
First, without key generation, you cannot do anything.
So now this is Mike.
So let me do one thing.
If you can see, this is my key.
Let me copy this key.
Now, why?
I use the random thing here and let me paste this key for remember.
As you can see, it is 256 which is deploying in this.
It is 256.
Now, let me run this again.
What I mentioned we want to show you.
I want to show you why I use secure random algorithm here, randomly changing the key.
These should not be always same.
I should not always use this same because anyone can crack this again later.
So now you can take beat by beat.
This key is different.
So we developed one code which helps to create symmetric keys always.
So this is my encryption key, which is I'm going to use to encrypt one data using that data only it
will decrypt that part.
Hope you understand in the next part what I'm going to do.
Let me copy this also and let me show you this also.
Is not probably the first part.
So you're doing this and it's not.
Courtney me business.
Another different.
So we can generate such keys using a is algorithm advanced encryption secure algorithm.
Also I use secure random to create security random changing these keys.
So if you want to check, you can check this.
It is purely to 56 bits and telling about bits, he sighs.
For me it's hexadecimal, so it's printing.
And remember, I need one XML Java XML binding data type here, so you need to download this.
I added to this also.
So.
Where is that thing?
I'll edit the library in this also.
I hope you understand in the next part.
I'm going to create a virtual algorithm, how it's going to work and how it's going to encrypt and decrypt
data.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.